do you want to sure hit this Halloween
make your very own Frankenstein jell-o
brain using your jello brain motor just
like this one here it's so realistic
it's 3d which is why your kids will
absolutely love it all you need in
addition to lime jell-o gelatin is one
eight ounce package of softened
philadelphia cream cheese 1 8 ounce can
of crushed pineapple that has been
drained and 1/4 cup of crushed pretzels
to make Frankenstein's brain I'm going
to start with 2 6 ounce packages of
jell-o lime gelatin then I'm going to
add 1 in 3/4 cups of boiling water and
stir that up until the gelatin is
dissolved now all I add 3/4 of a cup of
cold water and stir that now to make it
creamy we're going to add our 8 ounce
package of softened Philadelphia Cream
Cheese we're going to whisk that in
until it's fully combined
it's okay if there's still small pieces
of cream cheese that don't get
completely dissolved spray the mold with
nonstick cooking spray and then pour
your jello mixture into your brain mold
now just refrigerate it for about 30
minutes until it's slightly thickened
it's been 30 minutes and our jello is
slightly thickened you'll know it's
ready when the jello springs back to
your touch now we're going to add the
pineapple and our pretzels and stir
until it's well combined now we're just
going to return it to the refrigerator
for about four hours for added fun take
a handful of flexible straws and place
them in a cup using a rubber band helps
them hold together easier mix together
1/3 ounce package of your favorite
flavor of jell-o gelatin one packet of
Knox unflavored gelatin and one cup of
boiling water filled straws with the
gelatin mixture carefully place the
straws in the refrigerator for 4 hours
or until set now that the Knox gelatin
has said we're going to remove the
rubber band and remove the straws from
the cup squeezing them out to release
the wormy treat
and look at this Frankenstein's brain
it's disgusting